The purpose of this video is to show you how to export figures that you are making in Python into your
computer.
So this is a nice picture but what do you do with this.
Maybe you want to email a picture like this to your mom but your mom doesn't know how to use Python
so you can't just center all this code.
Instead you want to export this as let's say a PMG file.
So what you can do is type P ulti that save Fig.
The function is save Fig.
And then in single quotes you write a string that corresponds to the file name that you want to save.
That says so.
Let's call this let's call it.
This is a nice figure that PMG so you can see I'm specifying the extension directly in the file name
here.
OK.
So now I'm going to run this cell again and we actually got a little message here that says figure size
400 by 300.
So now let's see what that figure looks like.
Mm hmm.
This figure looks all white here.
It doesn't look like anything but that doesn't look like this.
These are definitely not the same.
So what's going on here actually is that basically anything you want to do with a particular figure
that code needs to come before the line of code that says plot dots show.
Once you run this code plot that show it's like you're basically done working on the figure and nothing
else can really happen.
So now I'm going to move these two I just exchange these two lines of code without changing anything
else and I'm going to run this cell again that generates this figure again.
And now here we see that figure.
So now it looks nice.
This is the PMG file that I loaded up from my computer.
Now let's have a look at this thing so we can zoom in.
You can see it's getting pixilated as you zoom in.
So the letters are kind of fuzzy.
It's not really very crisp anymore.
Now maybe that's OK.
Or maybe you want to have higher resolution.
So what you can do then is save it not as a PMG which is a lossy format but for example as a PDA if
where all of these numbers get represented as text and everything will be crisper.
So let me show you that.
OK.
So now here's how this looks on loading it up in a PDA viewer from my computer.
Now look how close we can zoom in and you can see that it's still really crisp.
We still get a lot of detail here.
Even in this line here.
In fact this figure looks to be even more highly detailed than how it looks on my computer screen here
in Python.
There are additional options for saving graphics onto your computer if you put the cursor inside the
parentheses and press shift tab on the keyboard.
That's going to open up this help file and then you can read a little bit about some of the other options
for example if you want to adjust the orientation of the page or make the background transparent all
kinds of options that you can have here.
But the main purpose of this video was to show you the way to export graphics that you're producing
in Python into files that you can save on your computer like pages or PDA FS.